the main move in Shaker behind the
change of law and attitudes is sri
lanka's turtle conservation project I
went to meet its leader to shan't kappa
sing gay who's devoted his life to
saving turtles here you can see see this
beautiful creator it's a Hawksbill
turtle yeah and when we received the
animal both these flippers were like
just joining by the small tiny piece of
flesh so we had to cut it and then we
still you can see the streets in Syria
to change that stage 7 nylon must really
up to cut through yes because actually
they come to the net for feeding because
they eat the fish there so and sometimes
not only that fishermen chop the heads
of cedars and we see many turtles just
flirting with a lot of bleeding and also
the Abner skull can be seen with the
broken pieces and so yeah so this is
just a single example of how difficult
for sea turtles to survive from fishing
nets and every single day we get turtles
like this
I was sad to see the turtles into his
close-up it's great that to Shannon
esteem advise fishermen on the best way
to release trap turtles but I know that
around the world there are hundreds of
thousands of nets and tens of thousands
of turtles that need our help